# jonathanpike.net

This is my personal blog.  A few notes: 

## Software

- Static pages generated by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)
- Markdown parsing by [Kramdown](http://kramdown.gettalong.org/)

## Theme

I lovingly hand coded the theme, which I call "Personal Development". 

The styling is all done with Sass (at a very basic level), so you will need to use Jekyll 2.x and above.  

If you would like to use this theme, or parts of it, you are welcome to.  Please link back to this repository if you do use it. 

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Jonathan Pike

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
