---
layout: post
title:  "Array#Map"
date:   2015-11-01 19:00:00
---

I have heard it said[^1] that one is not a true Rubist until they learn Enumerable.  To try and document what I’ve learned and keep it in my head, I am going to explain what I've learned here. 

Today’s method: `Map` (or `Collect`, if you’re so inclined).

Let me preface the discussion of `Map`/`Collect` with a few notes: 

1. There is some distinction between the [Enumerable module](http://ruby-doc.org/core-2.2.3/Enumerable.html) and Enumerable methods in other classes, such as array. An explanation can be found in [this Stack Overflow post](http://stackoverflow.com/a/5254764).  Essentially, Enumerable objects need to call a function to get the next element (typically `each`), and Arrays are the most common collection, so `Array#Map` is optimized for performance. I'm going to be explaining the Array implementation of `Map`/`Collect`

2. Ruby is awesomely friendly to programmers, and so a lot of methods are *aliased* to fit with whatever convention the programmer used prior to coming to Ruby. Another example is `Inject`/`Reduce`, which I will go into in a later post.  Suffice it to say, you can use either `Map` or `Collect` and you will get the same result. 

So, what is `Map` used for? `Map` is designed to iterate over an array and change each value. Take the following code, for example: 

<script src="https://gist.github.com/jonathanpike/d5f8d61e329a6a428db5.js"></script>

I created an array of numbers from 1 - 10 on line 1, and I want to square each number in the array.  You can see how `Map` does the same thing as looping over each number with `each`, squaring the number, and then pushing it to a new array.  `Map` allowed me to compress 5 lines of code into 1. 

`Map` does not modify the original array.  If I did not assign the result to `new_numbers`, `numbers` would still be an array from 1 - 10.  If you would like to modify the array in place, you can use `Map!`[^2].

One novel way of using Map that I’ve found is to use it to change the type of each item in an array.  For example, if I have a string of numbers (`str`) and I would like to work on it as an array of integers, I would simply use the following: ```str.split(“”).map(&:to_i)```

Super easy! 

`Map`, like all of the Enumerable methods, is insanely useful, although complicated to get the hang of.  Go and learn it by practicing!

<hr>

[^1]: I don't know *who* said it, I've just read it a lot!
[^2]: This is called a dangerous method because they change the state of an object that some other object may have referenced.